Registers:

RW 0x0: Slave Data Register (SDR)
RW 0x1: Status & Control Register (SCR)

Slave Data Register (SDR):

RO: Bits 0-7: Read slave response
WO: Bits 0-7: Write byte to slave

Status & Control Register:

RW: Bit 0: Flow control (FC):
Set to 0b0 to inhibit data flow
Set to 0b1 to enable shift registers and to start communication with the slave

RW: Bit 1: Interrupt Mask (IM):
If set to zero, interrupts enabled

RW: Bits 2-6: Chip Select (CSx):
Selects a slave.
Only one bit can be set at a time, otherwise bus contention will occur.

WO: D7: Loopback Enable (LE):
Enables loopback mode on the receiver.
All SPI lines will be floated, and MISO will be connected to MOSI

RO D7: Busy Flag (BF):

The definition of this register depends on whether data flow is enabled
or disabled.

If data flow is inhibited (bit 0 set), then this bit will always be zero.
If data flow is enabled (bit 0 clear), then this bit will be zero if the
transmitter is busy, and will turn to one when it is finished
communication with the slave.

Functional description:

This device has no initialization sequence.

Data Transmission:
To send a byte, write it into the SDR register, then set SCR.FC to one. Afterwards, poll SCR.BF, or alternatively wait for an IRQ
to signify TX finish, and the slave response will be in the SDR.
To choose between data transmission between slaves, use the CSx registers, with bit 2 being CS0, and bit 6 being CS5.
If multiple chips are selected, bus contention occurs, causing short circuits, and possibly damaging the hardware.
DO NOT DO THAT.

Loopback mode:
In loopback mode, the controller floats all external bus lines, and connects MISO to MOSI.
All data transmitted will be bounced back to the controller, meaning a read from SDR will
yield the last byte written to SDR.
Normal transmission operation is still required for loopback mode to work.

Manual probing is required to test what devices exist on the SPI bus, unlike with the
I/O and memory bus.

Timing:

Register read timings are the same as that of the 74HCT540. Register write timings are the same as that of the 74ACT563.
The SPI Bus runs at 200kHz, but can be pushed to the theoretical limits of the LMC555 timer (if the capacitor and resistors are swapped for something else)
